README.md, before:


<img src="files/rempi_logo.png" height="60%" width="60%" alt="ReMPI logo" title="ReMPI" align="middle" />


# Introduction

 * ReMPI is a record-and-replay tool for MPI applications.
 * (Optional) ReMPI implements Clock Delta Compression (CDC) for compressing records

# Quick Start

## 1. Get source code 

### From Spack (Spack also builds ReMPI)

    $ git clone https://github.com/LLNL/spack
    $ spack/bin/spack install rempi

### From git repogitory

    $ git clone git@github.com:PRUNERS/ReMPI.git
    $ cd <rempi directory>
    $ ./autogen.sh

### From tarball

    $ tar zxvf ./rempi_xxxxx.tar.bz
    $ cd <rempi directory>

## 2. Build ReMPI

### Build (General)

    $ ./configure --prefix=<path to installation directory> 
    $ make 
    $ make install

### Build (BG/Q)

    $ ./configure --prefix=<path to installation directory> --with-bluegene --with-zlib-static=/usr/local/tools/zlib-1.2.6/ MPICC=/usr/local/tools/compilers/ibm/mpicxx-fastmpi-mpich-312 MPIFC=/usr/local/tools/compilers/ibm/mpif90-fastmpi-mpich-312
    $ make 
    $ make install

## 3. Run with ReMPI
    $ cd test
    $ mkdir rempi_record
    
Record mode (REMPI_MODE=0)
    
    $ REMPI_MODE=0 REMPI_DIR=./rempi_record LD_PRELOAD=<path to installation directory>/lib/librempi.so srun(or mpirun) -n 4 ./rempi_test_units matching
    
Replay mode (REMPI_MODE=1)
    
    $ REMPI_MODE=1 REMPI_DIR=./rempi_record LD_PRELOAD=<path to installation directory>/lib/librempi.so srun(or mpirun) -n 4 ./rempi_test_units matching
    
"REMPI::<hostname>:  0:  Global validation code: 1939202000" is a hash value computed from MPI events. If you run this example code several times with REMPI_MODE=0, you will see that this hash value changes from run to run. This means this example code is MPI non-deterministic. Once you run this example code and record MPI events with REMPI_MODE=0, you can reproduce this hash value with REMPI_MODE=1. This means MPI events are reproduced.

## 4. Run other examples

Assuming SLURM

     cd example
     sh ./example_x86.sh 16
     ls -ltr .rempi # lists record files


# Configuration Option

For more details, run ./configure -h  

  * `--enable-cdc`: (Optional) enables CDC (clock delta compression), and output librempix.a and .so. When CDC is enabled, ReMPI requires MPI3 and below two software
    * `--with-stack-pmpi`: (Required when `--enable-cdc` is specified) path to stack_pmpi directory (STACKP)
    * `--with-clmpi`: (Required when `--enable-cdc` is specified) path to CLMPI directory
  * `--with-bluegene`: (Required in BG/Q) build codes with static library for BG/Q system
  * `--with-zlib-static`: (Required in BG/Q) path to installation directory for libz.a


When the `--enable-cdc` option is specified, ReMPI require dependent software below:

 * STACKP: A static MPI tool enabling to run multiple PMPI tools.
   * https://github.com/PRUNER/StackP.git
 * CLMPI: A PMPI tool for piggybacking Lamport clocks.
   * https://github.com/PRUNER/CLMPI.git 

# Environmental variables

 * `REMPI_MODE`: Record mode OR Replay mode
     * `0`: Record mode
     * `1`: Replay mode
 * `REMPI_DIR`: Directory path for record files
 * `REMPI_ENCODE`: Encoding mode
     * `0`: Simple recording 
     * `1`: `0` + record format optimization
     * `2` and `3`: (Experimental encoding)
     * `4`: Clock Delta Compression (only when built with `--enable-cdc` option)
     * `5`: Same as `4` (only when built with `--enable-cdc` option)
 * `REMPI_GZIP`: Enable gzip compression
     * `0`: Disable zlib
     * `1`: Enable zlib
 * `REMPI_TEST_ID`: Enable Matching Function (MF) Identification
     * `0`: Disable MF Identification
     * `1`: Enable MF Identification

# References

  * Kento Sato, Dong H. Ahn, Ignacio Laguna, Gregory L. Lee, and Martin Schulz. 2015. Clock delta compression for scalable order-replay of non-deterministic parallel applications. In Proceedings of the International Conference for High Performance Computing, Networking, Storage and Analysis (SC '15). ACM, New York, NY, USA, , Article 62 , 12 pages. DOI=http://dx.doi.org/10.1145/2807591.2807642

Commit message:

README update and script typo fixes

README.md, after:


<img src="files/rempi_logo.png" height="60%" width="60%" alt="ReMPI logo" title="ReMPI" align="middle" />


# Introduction

 * ReMPI is a record-and-replay tool for MPI applications.
 * (Optional) ReMPI implements Clock Delta Compression (CDC) for compressing records.

# Quick Start

## 1. Building ReMPI 

### From Spack

    $ git clone https://github.com/LLNL/spack
    $ ./spack/bin/spack install rempi

### From git repository

    $ git clone git@github.com:PRUNERS/ReMPI.git
    $ cd <rempi directory>
    $ ./autogen.sh
    $ ./configure --prefix=<path to installation directory> 
    $ make 
    $ make install

### From tarball

    $ tar zxvf ./rempi_xxxxx.tar.bz
    $ cd <rempi directory>
    $ ./configure --prefix=<path to installation directory> 
    $ make 
    $ make install

### Note on building for BG/Q

To build on the IBM BG/Q platform, you will need to add the --with-blugene option and specify the path to zlib with the --with-zlib-static flag. You may also need to specify the MPICC and MPIFC variables. For example:

    $ ./configure --prefix=<path to installation directory> --with-bluegene --with-zlib-static=/usr/local/tools/zlib-1.2.6/ MPICC=/usr/local/tools/compilers/ibm/mpicxx-fastmpi-mpich-312 MPIFC=/usr/local/tools/compilers/ibm/mpif90-fastmpi-mpich-312
    $ make 
    $ make install

## 2. Running with ReMPI
    $ cd test
    $ mkdir rempi_record
    
Record mode (REMPI_MODE=0)
    
    $ REMPI_MODE=0 REMPI_DIR=./rempi_record LD_PRELOAD=<path to installation directory>/lib/librempi.so srun(or mpirun) -n 4 ./rempi_test_units matching
    
Replay mode (REMPI_MODE=1)
    
    $ REMPI_MODE=1 REMPI_DIR=./rempi_record LD_PRELOAD=<path to installation directory>/lib/librempi.so srun(or mpirun) -n 4 ./rempi_test_units matching
    
"REMPI::<hostname>:  0:  Global validation code: 1939202000" is a hash value computed from MPI events. If you run this example code several times with REMPI_MODE=0, you will see that this hash value changes from run to run. This means this example code is MPI non-deterministic. Once you run this example code and record MPI events with REMPI_MODE=0, you can reproduce this hash value with REMPI_MODE=1. This means MPI events are reproduced.

## 3. Running other examples

The following example script assumes the resource manager is SLURM and that ReMPI is installed in /usr/local. You must edit the example_x86.sh file othewise.

     cd example
     sh ./example_x86.sh 16
     ls -ltr .rempi # lists record files


# Configuration Options

For more details, run ./configure -h  

  * `--enable-cdc`: (Optional) enables CDC (clock delta compression), and output librempix.a and .so. When CDC is enabled, ReMPI requires MPI3 and below two software
    * `--with-stack-pmpi`: (Required when `--enable-cdc` is specified) path to stack_pmpi directory (STACKP)
    * `--with-clmpi`: (Required when `--enable-cdc` is specified) path to CLMPI directory
  * `--with-bluegene`: (Required in BG/Q) build codes with static library for BG/Q system
  * `--with-zlib-static`: (Required in BG/Q) path to installation directory for libz.a


When the `--enable-cdc` option is specified, ReMPI require dependent software below:

 * STACKP: A static MPI tool enabling to run multiple PMPI tools.
   * https://github.com/PRUNER/StackP.git
 * CLMPI: A PMPI tool for piggybacking Lamport clocks.
   * https://github.com/PRUNER/CLMPI.git 

# Environment variables

 * `REMPI_MODE`: Record mode OR Replay mode
     * `0`: Record mode
     * `1`: Replay mode
 * `REMPI_DIR`: Directory path for record files
 * `REMPI_ENCODE`: Encoding mode
     * `0`: Simple recording 
     * `1`: `0` + record format optimization
     * `2` and `3`: (Experimental encoding)
     * `4`: Clock Delta Compression (only when built with `--enable-cdc` option)
     * `5`: Same as `4` (only when built with `--enable-cdc` option)
 * `REMPI_GZIP`: Enable gzip compression
     * `0`: Disable zlib
     * `1`: Enable zlib
 * `REMPI_TEST_ID`: Enable Matching Function (MF) Identification
     * `0`: Disable MF Identification
     * `1`: Enable MF Identification

# References

  * Kento Sato, Dong H. Ahn, Ignacio Laguna, Gregory L. Lee, and Martin Schulz. 2015. Clock delta compression for scalable order-replay of non-deterministic parallel applications. In Proceedings of the International Conference for High Performance Computing, Networking, Storage and Analysis (SC '15). ACM, New York, NY, USA, , Article 62 , 12 pages. DOI=http://dx.doi.org/10.1145/2807591.2807642
